sql statement: Add syntax gram of `load stats` (#2926)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-load-stats.md

> ---

Reviewer: Please add this file to TOC.md. @qw4990

title: LOAD STATS
summary: An overview of the usage of LOAD STATS for the TiDB database.
category: reference
---

# LOAD STATS

> The `LOAD STATS` statement is used to load statistics data into TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `LOAD STATS` statement is used to load the statistics into TiDB.
```

## Synopsis

**LoadStatsStmt:**

![LoadStatsStmt](/media/sqlgram/LoadStatsStmt.png)

## Examples

> Users can access the address `http://${tidb-server-ip}:${tidb-server-status-port}/stats/dump/${db_name}/${table_name}` to download the TiDB instance's statistics data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the address `http://${tidb-server-ip}:${tidb-server-status-port}/stats/dump/${db_name}/${table_name}` to download the TiDB instance's statistics.
```

> Users can use `LOAD STATS ${stats_path}` to load the specific statistics file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `LOAD STATS ${stats_path}` to load the specific statistics file.
```

> The `${stats_path}` can be an absolute path or a relative path, and here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `${stats_path}` can be an absolute path or a relative path. If you use a relative path, the corresponding file is found starting from the path where `tidb-server` is started. Here is an example:
```
